README.md, before:

## Awesome Graphics ##

*A curated list of awesome computer graphics.*

## How to Learn Game/Graphics Programming
- [How to Become a graphics programming](http://www.geisswerks.com/ryan/FAQS/learn.html)
- [How to become a Graphics Programmer in the games industry](https://www.gamasutra.com/blogs/OliverFranzke/20140718/221347/How_to_become_a_Graphics_Programmer_in_the_games_industry.php)
- [so you want to be a graphics programmer](http://www.altdev.co/2011/05/10/so-you-want-to-be-a-graphics-programmer/)
- [一个游戏是如何被设计和开发出来的](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/25292463?hmsr=toutiao.io&utm_medium=toutiao.io&utm_source=toutiao.io)
- [有哪些介绍游戏开发过程的纪录片或视频](https://www.zhihu.com/question/27754707)

## Subjects ##
- [Water](subjects/water.md) - collection of water simulation materials
- [Lightning](subjects/lightning.md) - collection of lightning simulation materials
- [Post Processing](subjects/post-processing.md) - collection about post processing
- [Global Illumination Across Industries](subjects/GI.md) - collection about Global Illumination
- Decal
    - [Volume Decals and Volume Roads Demos](http://www.geeks3d.com/20101005/direct3d-10-volume-decals-and-volume-roads-demos/)
    - [Deferred Decal](http://blog.csdn.net/pizi0475/article/details/7933739)
    - [How to project decals](http://blog.wolfire.com/2009/06/how-to-project-decals/)
- [Atmospheric Scattering](subjects/atmospheric-scattering.md) - collection about atmospheric scattering and volumetic light scattering.
- [Shadow](subjects/shadow.md)- collection about shadow


## Awesome in Awesome ##
- [Awesome gametalks](https://github.com/hzoo/awesome-gametalks "awesome-gametalks") 
- [Game Rendering](http://www.gamerendering.com) - Image Enhancements, Level Geometry, Shadows ...
- [Game Development Resource](https://github.com/ellisonleao/magictools) - A list of Game Development Resource to make magic happen
- [Game Development Blogs](http://gamedev.stackexchange.com/questions/3223/game-development-blogs) - What are good game development/design blogs to follow?
- [Graphics](https://github.com/fffaraz/awesome-cpp#graphics) - Some Render Engine
- [**Paper Collection/Resource About Computer Graphics**](http://kesen.realtimerendering.com/) 

## Courses ##
- [Intro to computer Graphics](http://cs.brown.edu/courses/cs123/lectures.html) -
- [Computer Graphics](http://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-837-computer-graphics-fall-2012/) - ray tracing, animation, and so on at MIT in fall 2012
- [Computer Graphics, Fall 2000](http://www.cs.princeton.edu/courses/archive/fall00/cs426/) - Princeton University 

## Render Engine ##
- [List of game engines](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_game_engines) - Game Engine or Render Engine List
 
## Other ##
- [A study Guide for doing research in computer graphics](http://peterwonka.net/Documentation/BooksToRead.htm) - A list books that recommend to read for do research in computer graphics
- [GPU Gems 1 Download](https://developer.nvidia.com/content/gpu-gems-downloads)
- [GPU Gems 2 Download](http://http.download.nvidia.com/developer/GPU_Gems_2/CD/Index.html)
- [Nvidia 9.52 SDK](http://developer.download.nvidia.com/SDK/9.5/Samples/samples.html) - code samples
- [Pysically Based Rendering](http://www.pbrt.org/)
- [Proland](http://proland.inrialpes.fr/index.html) - Open Source Project
- [Virtual Terrain Project](http://vterrain.org/) - the creation of tools for easily constructing any part of the real part of the real world in interactive, 3D digital form.

## Game ##
- [Game Studies](http://gamestudies.org/1402) - explore the rich cultural genre of game and give scholars a peer reviewed forum for their ideas and theories and provide an academic channel for the ongoing discussions on games and gaming
- [Game From Scratch](http://www.gamefromscratch.com/) 
- [Books about Video Games](http://www.ludoscience.com/EN/ressources/bibliographie/index.html) - Bibliography: books about videogames
- [Game Programming Patterns](http://gameprogrammingpatterns.com/contents.html)
- [Geometric Tools](http://www.geometrictools.com/index.html) - a library of source code for computing  in the fields of graphics, mathematics, physics, and image anlysis.
- [HTML5 Game Development](https://html5-game-development.zeef.com/andre.antonio.schmitz#block_36755_angry-birds)
- [Game Development](https://game-development.zeef.com/ellison.leao)
- [Amit's Game Programming Information](http://www-cs-students.stanford.edu/~amitp/gameprog.html) - shortest paths, AI, Tiles, Hexagons, Game Design, Scrippting...

## Blog ##
- [Self Shadow](http://blog.selfshadow.com/) - collect a lot of usefull resource link.
- [Matt's Webcorner](https://graphics.stanford.edu/~mdfisher/index.html)
- [Humus-3D](http://www.humus.name/index.php?page=3D&start=16)
- [Inigo Quilez](http://iquilezles.org/prods/index.htm) - write a lot of great demoscene.
- [Nathan Reed's coding blog](http://www.reedbeta.com/all/)

Commit message:

add ray tracing in one weekend

README.md, after:

## Awesome Graphics ##

*A curated list of awesome computer graphics.*

## How to Learn Game/Graphics Programming
- [How to Become a graphics programming](http://www.geisswerks.com/ryan/FAQS/learn.html)
- [How to become a Graphics Programmer in the games industry](https://www.gamasutra.com/blogs/OliverFranzke/20140718/221347/How_to_become_a_Graphics_Programmer_in_the_games_industry.php)
- [so you want to be a graphics programmer](http://www.altdev.co/2011/05/10/so-you-want-to-be-a-graphics-programmer/)
- [一个游戏是如何被设计和开发出来的](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/25292463?hmsr=toutiao.io&utm_medium=toutiao.io&utm_source=toutiao.io)
- [有哪些介绍游戏开发过程的纪录片或视频](https://www.zhihu.com/question/27754707)

## Subjects ##
- [Water](subjects/water.md) - collection of water simulation materials
- [Lightning](subjects/lightning.md) - collection of lightning simulation materials
- [Post Processing](subjects/post-processing.md) - collection about post processing
- [Global Illumination Across Industries](subjects/GI.md) - collection about Global Illumination
- Decal
    - [Volume Decals and Volume Roads Demos](http://www.geeks3d.com/20101005/direct3d-10-volume-decals-and-volume-roads-demos/)
    - [Deferred Decal](http://blog.csdn.net/pizi0475/article/details/7933739)
    - [How to project decals](http://blog.wolfire.com/2009/06/how-to-project-decals/)
- [Atmospheric Scattering](subjects/atmospheric-scattering.md) - collection about atmospheric scattering and volumetic light scattering.
- [Shadow](subjects/shadow.md)- collection about shadow


## Awesome in Awesome ##
- [Awesome gametalks](https://github.com/hzoo/awesome-gametalks "awesome-gametalks") 
- [Game Rendering](http://www.gamerendering.com) - Image Enhancements, Level Geometry, Shadows ...
- [Game Development Resource](https://github.com/ellisonleao/magictools) - A list of Game Development Resource to make magic happen
- [Game Development Blogs](http://gamedev.stackexchange.com/questions/3223/game-development-blogs) - What are good game development/design blogs to follow?
- [Graphics](https://github.com/fffaraz/awesome-cpp#graphics) - Some Render Engine
- [**Paper Collection/Resource About Computer Graphics**](http://kesen.realtimerendering.com/) 

## Courses ##
- [Intro to computer Graphics](http://cs.brown.edu/courses/cs123/lectures.html) -
- [Computer Graphics](http://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-837-computer-graphics-fall-2012/) - ray tracing, animation, and so on at MIT in fall 2012
- [Computer Graphics, Fall 2000](http://www.cs.princeton.edu/courses/archive/fall00/cs426/) - Princeton University 

## Render Engine ##
- [List of game engines](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_game_engines) - Game Engine or Render Engine List
 
## Other ##
- [A study Guide for doing research in computer graphics](http://peterwonka.net/Documentation/BooksToRead.htm) - A list books that recommend to read for do research in computer graphics
- [GPU Gems 1 Download](https://developer.nvidia.com/content/gpu-gems-downloads)
- [GPU Gems 2 Download](http://http.download.nvidia.com/developer/GPU_Gems_2/CD/Index.html)
- [Nvidia 9.52 SDK](http://developer.download.nvidia.com/SDK/9.5/Samples/samples.html) - code samples
- [Pysically Based Rendering](http://www.pbrt.org/)
- [Proland](http://proland.inrialpes.fr/index.html) - Open Source Project
- [Virtual Terrain Project](http://vterrain.org/) - the creation of tools for easily constructing any part of the real part of the real world in interactive, 3D digital form.
- [Ray Tracing In One Weekend](https://github.com/petershirley/raytracinginoneweekend) - free minibook about writing a ray tacer from scratch.

## Game ##
- [Game Studies](http://gamestudies.org/1402) - explore the rich cultural genre of game and give scholars a peer reviewed forum for their ideas and theories and provide an academic channel for the ongoing discussions on games and gaming
- [Game From Scratch](http://www.gamefromscratch.com/) 
- [Books about Video Games](http://www.ludoscience.com/EN/ressources/bibliographie/index.html) - Bibliography: books about videogames
- [Game Programming Patterns](http://gameprogrammingpatterns.com/contents.html)
- [Geometric Tools](http://www.geometrictools.com/index.html) - a library of source code for computing  in the fields of graphics, mathematics, physics, and image anlysis.
- [HTML5 Game Development](https://html5-game-development.zeef.com/andre.antonio.schmitz#block_36755_angry-birds)
- [Game Development](https://game-development.zeef.com/ellison.leao)
- [Amit's Game Programming Information](http://www-cs-students.stanford.edu/~amitp/gameprog.html) - shortest paths, AI, Tiles, Hexagons, Game Design, Scrippting...

## Blog ##
- [Self Shadow](http://blog.selfshadow.com/) - collect a lot of usefull resource link.
- [Matt's Webcorner](https://graphics.stanford.edu/~mdfisher/index.html)
- [Humus-3D](http://www.humus.name/index.php?page=3D&start=16)
- [Inigo Quilez](http://iquilezles.org/prods/index.htm) - write a lot of great demoscene.
- [Nathan Reed's coding blog](http://www.reedbeta.com/all/)
